#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --extra=ui-test --output-file=requirements-ui-test.txt setup.py
#
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiosqlite==0.19.0
    # via ypy-websocket
anyio==3.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
    #   watchgod
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via solara
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   rich-click
    #   solara
    #   uvicorn
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.17.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.12.2
    # via solara
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
greenlet==2.0.1
    # via playwright
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
humanize==4.6.0
    # via solara
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.23.2
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   solara
ipython==8.12.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipyvue==1.9.2
    # via
    #   ipyvuetify
    #   solara
ipyvuetify==1.8.10
    # via solara
ipywidgets==8.0.6
    # via
    #   ipyaggrid (setup.py)
    #   ipyvue
    #   reacton
    #   solara
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   solara
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   solara
    #   voila
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   voila
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-server==1.24.0
    # via
    #   ipyaggrid (setup.py)
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
    #   solara
    #   voila
jupyter-server-fileid==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.8.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.6.3
    # via
    #   ipyaggrid (setup.py)
    #   solara
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   voila
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
markdown==3.4.3
    # via
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   solara
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   rich
    #   solara
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   solara
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.0
    # via solara
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.4
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==7.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   solara
    #   voila
nbformat==5.9.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   solara
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   solara
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
pandas==2.0.2
    # via ipyaggrid (setup.py)
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via solara
pixelmatch==0.3.0
    # via solara
platformdirs==3.5.3
    # via jupyter-core
playwright==1.32.1
    # via
    #   ipyaggrid (setup.py)
    #   pytest-playwright
    #   solara
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.9
    # via solara
pyee==9.0.4
    # via playwright
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
    #   solara
pymdown-extensions==10.0.1
    # via solara
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.3.2
    # via
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-playwright
    #   solara
pytest-base-url==2.0.0
    # via pytest-playwright
pytest-playwright==0.3.3
    # via solara
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via pytest-playwright
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pymdown-extensions
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
reacton==1.7.1
    # via solara
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   solara
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.4.2
    # via rich-click
rich-click==1.6.1
    # via solara
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
simplejson==3.19.1
    # via ipyaggrid (setup.py)
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
solara[pytest]==1.16.3
    # via ipyaggrid (setup.py)
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
starlette==0.28.0
    # via solara
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pytest
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   voila
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pyee
    #   reacton
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.3
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.22.0
    # via solara
voila==0.4.0
    # via solara
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via solara
watchgod==0.8.2
    # via solara
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==11.0.3
    # via
    #   solara
    #   voila
widgetsnbextension==4.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
y-py==0.5.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
ypy-websocket==0.8.2
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc

